FAQInstallation: Update how do I know about new Wasabi version (#1314)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-Installation.md

:::details
### How do I know about a new version of Wasabi?

> When a new major version [v2.X.X] has been released, you'll see a notification in the bottom right status icon `Version 2.X.X is now available`.

Reviewer: There is no notification here.

```suggestion
When a new major version [v2.X.X] has been released, you'll see an orange update icon in the bottom right, upon hovering over it you can see `Version 2.X.X is now available`.
```

![Wasabi Update Available](/UpdateAvailable.png "Wasabi Update Available")

Clicking on `Update` uses the default browser to go to the website, where you can download this new version.

> There are occasional silent releases like [v2.X.X.X] which fix issues that were introduced in a major release, and these are not announced in the GUI, so you will not see a notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are occasional silent releases like [v2.X.X.X] which fix small issues, and these are not announced in the GUI, so you will not see the orange update icon.
```
